Are right after this very long section let's take a look at what we've done in this section in this
section.
We took a look at what we're going to build on A W-S console.
We had a perspective on what we're going to build as with the the PC Internet gateways subnets and so
on.
And after that we prepared our Python environment as being the library setting on the Python Id our
pie chart ID and Dan we created our project with PI chime or the after that we discovered the very extenso
Bothell 3 documentation on read the docs that I know.
And again this is a highly qualified documentation from those guys that both know the implementers of
the library and big shout out to them for providing such a great documentation.
You should definitely go and check it out sometimes to get a feeling of a good documentation and finding
your way around a AWOS resources.
And after that you provided an auto complete capability to our PI charme ID with the huge help of Pi
both those three.
And then we started on to create our resources and we first created a PC.
After that we created an Internet Gateway or EGW and then we attached this internet gateway to our PC
and we were all done that using the Python and both of three libraries to move on with our implementations
as implementing subnets and their route tables and other resources.
I'll be seeing you on the next video.